{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh19600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs41\fsmilli20736 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I
\b0\fs28  live my life in growing circles\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 which ring out over the things around me.\cb1 \
\cb3 Perhaps I'll never finish the last,\cb1 \
\cb3 but that's what I'm going to try.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs23\fsmilli11667 \cf2 \cb3 I
\fs28 'm circling around God, around the ancient tower,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 and I've been circling for thousands of years;\cb1 \
\cb3 and I still don't know: am I a falcon, a storm\cb1 \
\cb3 or a great song. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 I
\b0\fs24  
\fs28 am too alone in the world, and yet not alone enough\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 to make every hour holy.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I am too small in the world, and yet not tiny enough\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 just to stand before you like a thing,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 dark and shrewd.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I want my will, and I want to be with my will\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 as it moves towards deed;\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and in those quiet, somehow hesitating times,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 when something is approaching,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I want to be with those who are wise\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 or else alone.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I want always to be a mirror that reflects your whole being,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and never to be too blind or too old\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 to hold your heavy, swaying image.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I want to unfold.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Nowhere do I want to remain folded,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 because where I am bent and folded, there I am lie.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And I want my meaning\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 true for you. I want to describe myself\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 like a painting that I studied\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 closely for a long, long time,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 like a word I finally understood,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 like the pitcher of water I use every day ,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 like the face of my mother,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 like a ship\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 that carried me\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 through the deadliest storm of all.
\fs24 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40\fsmilli20160 \cf2 \cb3 I
\b0\fs28 t's possible I'm moving through the hard veins\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 of heavy mountains, like the ore does, alone;\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I'm already so deep inside, I see no end in sight,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and no distance: everything is getting near\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and everything getting near is turning to stone.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 I still can't see very far yet into suffering,\'97\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 so this vast darkness makes me small;\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 are 
\i you
\i0  the one: make yourself powerful, break in:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 so that your whole being may happen to me,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and to you may happen, my whole cry.
\fs24 \cb1 \
}