{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11740\viewh8600\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dot and line for everything\
Wireframe shader that draws 1 pixel wide lines, 1 pixel points\
No AA\
All points are connected by joints to each other?\
(Physics might get expensive)\
All points share velocity in code maybe.\
Player trying to create a constellation spaceship and ride it away\
Everything connected to original anchor point\
Out if this world we cannot fall\
The entire process is formless magmatic it appears to be life\
None of the points in the world are connected\
Can resemble anything once the player connects them, not just what they're intended to\
Rilke circling\
Thoughts of having the player climb an ice palace\
And ride it up into the z \
\
\
\
\
jimmy corrigan intricate diagrams of life broken apart and exploded.\
gorogoa vertiginous routes through space and memory\
\
thought loops converge and diverge in z axis\
like dante\'92s inferno. \
Spiralling into less vicious circles. \
player moves up in larger circles \
an image of the entire thing from the side. \
like a giant oscillating space-time cone. \
\
splines children of \'93point cloud\'94 object\
sets text, continuity etc. \
Decouple a lot of functionality from splines since player creates them on the fly\
player can see new words based on amount of points connected in the cloud\
cloud can traverse its children?\
give cloud higher level functions\
\
\
\
\
 right now you\'92re 10% game and 1% concrete poetry. Bring both up together. \
\
\
glitch happening with player jumping points. \
is it because the second to last point of old spline is adding the first point of the next spline., creating overlap. \
or there is no connection between last point and next point so it jumps back to second. \
\
or there are two overlapping splines, it sees the player is within the correct angle range but puts them on the wrong path. }