{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13480\viewh16300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Circle
\b0 \
	spiral out spiral in\
\

\b Spiral
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	echo chamber and stream of consciousness\
	thought bubble and repetition obsession\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Crystal
\b0 , structured obsession\
	no prayers just neuroses\
	two coffees twelve minutes of meditation\
	ten hours of sleep and 1 year of exercise. \
	yoga breathing drawing smearing \
\

\b String
\b0 , unwinding losing focus\
	\
	concepts folded in like a mobius strip\
	I couldn\'92t contain\
\

\b Box
\b0 , antagonistic structure, difficult to navigate\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Scales on a fish bones in a spine cars on a train text on each one.\
	All your games of unconcealment.\
	The moment of revelation where the world shows more promise than it initially seemed to have.\
	Or breaks down barriers between the parts so that the whole seems non fungible and intimate.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The knot
\b0 \
	can never escape\
	the gordian knot\
	\

\b Tree,
\b0  branching paths\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	unrealized time zooming in or inhabiting are impossible (impassable) reality lines that trace out and describe so many 	contaminated hopes for today\
	Better to cover the computer screen in gesso and scruffito lines of code that can create no real output. Begin 	and end at their inscription.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cross (figure eight)
\b0 , reinforcing\
	mantra expanding rising deepening widening geometrical storied\
\

\b The Spine,
\b0  highway: well trodden paths. \
\
	keep stopping\
\

\b The Shell,
\b0  spiralling inward. being trapped.\
\
 	versailles that lives in the mind versailles that lives in the world\
\

\b The Egg
\b0 , forming new connections. playground of meaning making\
\
	I sweat through my sheets last night\
	the throat of the cave we\'92d go down.\
	light pulsed in its esophagus\'a0\uc0\u8232 	repetition in a vicious circle\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	symbols from a Thing inalienably mine.\
	that would assemble into a clockwork\
	creating a private language where I commanded meaning in mystery\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Loop, 
\b0 repetition with forward momentum\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	the next night I had dreams of music boxes\
	recursive fields of them the gold clicking needles that plucked each note accelerated to an 	impossibly fast and frictionless hum. Like a metal disc oscillating in a glass bowl. And it occurred to me that this was my mind. Or a perfected 	version of its clockwork\
	Until I woke up in silence.\'a0\uc0\u8232 	And the third day started as a fragment\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The Tunnel\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	So hopeful\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}